1. Only landsat scene with more than 20% clear-sky pixels are used in ccdc analysis.
2. Only run CCDC for pixels where more than 50% of images has data
3. If more than 75% of valid data show a pixel is snow, then the pixel is considered permanent 
   snow.
4. For permanent snow pixel, get model coefficients and RMSE either from lasso regression if more than 
   12 valid data or from median values if less tha 12 points.
5. At least 12 data points and 1 years of data are needed for clear-sky land/water pixel analysis.
6. Modle initialization: Further remove outliers (cloud/cloud shadow/snow) using Robust fit.
7. Model fitting: Getting the right starting point with observed values and lasso regressing predicated values
8. Stable Start: 12 data points and 1 years of data? If no, increses data points, otherwise, next step.
9. Model ready: Find the previous break point & use lasso model to detect change if there is enough points(6)
   or use median values if less than conse (6) points 
10. Real change detected (Minimum magnitude of change is larger than a threshold and the first point of change
    is less than another threshold)?
11. If yes, then model coefficients, RMSEs, magnitude of change are generated through lasso regression
12. If no, the false detected point is removed.
13. Check to see if enough points for model fitting and break point confirmation? If yes, do lasso regression, 
    otherwise, use median values to calculate RMSEs
14. Continuous monitoring: If first 24 points, dynamic model fitting for model coeffs, rmse, v_dif and calculate 
    norm of v_dif & update IDs, otherwise, next step.
15. Updated data points as needed to use the closest 24 data points for model fitting
16. Detected change based on RMSEs and normalized value v_dif
17. If break happens close to the end of time serires, roboust fit outlier removing process is first appled, 
    then if the data points after the change detected (break point) are less than conse (6) points, median 
    values are used, otherwise, lasso model fitting is used.
18. Model outputs: model coefficients, RMSEs, change of magnitude, times of start, end, break, change probability, 
    change category  
    
    
   
